Q2 updates (#755)
astronomer/docs: astro/data-protection.md

All data at rest across Control and Data Planes is encrypted with AES-256, one of the strongest block ciphers available. This is done using native cloud provider technologies.

Specifically, Control Plane data is encrypted on disk with a platform-managed key, including backups and the temporary files created while DB queries are running. Likewise, Data Plane data is server-side encrypted and volume encrypted, using encryption keys managed by the cloud provider and anchored by hardware security appliances. By early 2022, all resources provisioned across both planes will leverage cloud provider envelope encryption wherever possible in accordance with a [defense in depth security strategy](https://www.us-cert.gov/bsi/articles/knowledge/principles/defense-in-depth).

## Deployment Network Isolation

> All deployment namespaces on Astro, including those running on the same cluster, are network isolated from each other by default. In addition to the isolation between deployment namespaces, we also restrict communications within a namespace to only required communication between components and associated ports. This level of network isolation is achieved using [network policies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/) enabled by the [Calico](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking/#calico) kubernetes network plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All infrastructure specific to a single Deployment on Astro is isolated to a corresponding Kubernetes namespace within the Astro Cluster in which the Deployment is hosted. All Deployment namespaces on Astro, including those running on the same Cluster, are network isolated from each other by default. In addition to the isolation between Deployment namespaces, we also restrict communication within a namespace to only what is required between components and associated ports.

This level of network isolation is achieved using [network policies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/) enabled by the [Calico](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking/#calico) network plugin for Kubernetes.
```

Author: committed with a minor edit.
replaced infrastructure with 'pods and services', as we don't dedicate infrastructure (eg. nodes) to a namespace.

> All deployment namespaces on Astro, including those running on the same cluster, are network isolated from each other by default. In addition to the isolation between deployment namespaces, we also restrict communications within a namespace to only required communication between components and associated ports. This level of network isolation is achieved using [network policies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/) enabled by the [Calico](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking/#calico) kubernetes network plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All infrastructure specific to a single Deployment on Astro is isolated to a corresponding Kubernetes namespace within the Astro Cluster in which the Deployment is hosted. All Deployment namespaces on Astro, including those running on the same Cluster, are network isolated from each other by default. In addition to the isolation between Deployment namespaces, we also restrict communication within a namespace to only what is required between components and associated ports.

This level of network isolation is achieved using [network policies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/) enabled by the [Calico](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking/#calico) network plugin for Kubernetes.
```

> The network isolation between and within deployment namespaces ensures communication is restricted to only allow necessary communications within a namespace, and communication between deployments is denied, ensuring unintended communications and attempted data exchanges are blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The network isolation between and within Deployment namespaces ensures that communication is restricted to only allow necessary communications within a namespace, and that communication between Deployments is denied. This ensures that unintended communications and attempted data exchanges are blocked.
```

> The network isolation between and within deployment namespaces ensures communication is restricted to only allow necessary communications within a namespace, and communication between deployments is denied, ensuring unintended communications and attempted data exchanges are blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The network isolation between and within Deployment namespaces ensures that communication is restricted to only allow necessary communications within a namespace, and that communication between Deployments is denied. This ensures that unintended communications and attempted data exchanges are blocked.
```
